VIDEO-8791 - Adding extra information into CHANGELOG (#1716)
twilio/twilio-video.js: CHANGELOG.md

New Features
------------

> - twilio-video.js now supports WKWebView and SFSafariViewController on iOS versions 15.2 and up. Applications will need to include the camera usage description, microphone usage description, inline media playback on WKWebviews, and a [User-Agent string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/User-Agent) that follows the correct format. Thank you @codeborne for your contributions. (VIDEO-8374)

Reviewer: It might make sense to explicitly state that the first 3 items are iOS app requirements. And the last item (user agent string) is a web app requirement. But your call. Otherwise it is accurate.

> - twilio-video.js now supports WKWebView and SFSafariViewController on iOS versions 15.2 and up. iOS applications will need to include the camera usage description, microphone usage description, inline media playback on WKWebviews. Web applications need to include a [User-Agent string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/User-Agent) that follows the correct format. Thank you @codeborne for your contributions. (VIDEO-8374)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- twilio-video.js now supports WKWebView and SFSafariViewController on iOS version 15.2 or later. iOS applications will need to include the camera usage description, microphone usage description and inline media playback in order for the SDK to work on WKWebView. Additionally, the [User-Agent](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/User-Agent) string should follow the correct format if your application is modifying the default value.

  We also would like to thank @codeborne for his [contribution](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-webrtc.js/pull/133). (VIDEO-8374)
```

New Features
------------
- twilio-video.js now supports WKWebView and SFSafariViewController on iOS version 15.2 or later. iOS applications will need to include the camera usage description, microphone usage description and inline media playback in order for the SDK to work on WKWebView. Additionally, the [User-Agent](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/User-Agent) string should follow the correct format if your application is modifying the default value.

> We also would like to thank @codeborne for his [contribution](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-webrtc.js/pull/133). (VIDEO-8374)

Reviewer 2: Please fix the formatting.
```suggestion
  We also would like to thank @codeborne for his [contribution](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-webrtc.js/pull/133). (VIDEO-8374)
```
